README.md, before:

# __VSCode__ Kubi-Lite extension compatible with __Theia IDE__

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/lefebsy/vskubi-lite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/lefebsy/vskubi-lite)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=lefebsy_vskubi-lite&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=lefebsy_vskubi-lite)

__Kubi CLI__ is provided by CA-GIP at <https://github.com/ca-gip/kubi>.
This extension is a GUI wrapper compatible vith __VSCode__ and __Theia IDE__.

## Release notes

New features and modifications are available here : [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)

## Getting started

1. Download __Kubi CLI__ and add it to your path, or set the absolute path in the __Kubi-lite__ settings
2. Set preferences in VSCode settings
3. Use `ctrl+k ctrl+i` to invoke generation of the __KubeConfig__ in your `$HOME`.
4. Or use `ctrl+k ctrl+d` to switch to another default cluster endpoint

## Main features

Read your kubiLite settings in VSCode to see explanations
- __Multi clusters and logins support__
- __Easy shortcuts__ : Switch between clusters, logins and namespaces with shortcuts
- __Easy debugging__ : Kubi errors and generated commands are logged on kubiLite dedicated console channel without any password
- __Favorite namespaces__
  - Your list of favorite namespaces are checked, autocompleted and sorted from kube server api. Partial matches are available. Your fav list `"sys,pub"` will return `["kube-public","kube-system"]`. Then your kubernetes extension 'explorer view' is refreshed :-)
  

## Visual settings & integration with Kubernetes extension

- Integration with : <https://github.com/Azure/vscode-kubernetes-tools>
- The command is added on the contextuals menus hover the "clusters view"
![screencast](DemoHelp.gif)

## Theia IDE

1. From VSCode marketplace or GitHub release, download the package extension `.vsix` to your Theia `Plugins repository`
2. Set your keyBinding
3. That's all ;-)
![screencast](DemoTheia.gif)

## License

- The code is licensed under the [MIT license](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/). See [LICENSE](LICENSE).
- Logo is CA-GIP/Kubi logo : <https://github.com/ca-gip/kubi>

Commit message:

v1.3.1 - Add travisCI publisging to openVSX registry for Theia

README.md, after:

# __VSCode__ Kubi-Lite extension compatible with __Theia IDE__

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/lefebsy/vskubi-lite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/lefebsy/vskubi-lite)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=lefebsy_vskubi-lite&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=lefebsy_vskubi-lite)

__Kubi CLI__ is provided by CA-GIP at <https://github.com/ca-gip/kubi>.
This extension is a GUI wrapper compatible vith __VSCode__ and __Theia IDE__.

## Release notes

New features and modifications are available here : [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)

## Getting started

1. Download __Kubi CLI__ and add it to your path, or set the absolute path in the __Kubi-lite__ settings
2. Set preferences in VSCode settings
3. Use `ctrl+k ctrl+i` to invoke generation of the __KubeConfig__ in your `$HOME`.
4. Or use `ctrl+k ctrl+d` to switch to another default cluster endpoint

## Main features

Read your kubiLite settings in VSCode to see explanations
- __Multi clusters and logins support__
- __Easy shortcuts__ : Switch between clusters, logins and namespaces with shortcuts
- __Easy debugging__ : Kubi errors and generated commands are logged on kubiLite dedicated console channel without any password
- __Favorite namespaces__
  - Your list of favorite namespaces are checked, autocompleted and sorted from kube server api. Partial matches are available. Your fav list `"sys,pub"` will return `["kube-public","kube-system"]`. Then your kubernetes extension 'explorer view' is refreshed :-)
  

## Visual settings & integration with Kubernetes extension

- Integration with : <https://github.com/Azure/vscode-kubernetes-tools>
- The command is added on the contextuals menus hover the "clusters view"
![screencast](DemoHelp.gif)

## Theia IDE

- On recent Theia instance, you can install Kubi-Lite directly from OpenVVX registry
- For older Theia instance, you can follow the manual installation instructions below :
  1. From VSCode marketplace or GitHub release, download the package extension `.vsix` to your Theia `Plugins repository`
  2. Set your keyBinding
  3. That's all ;-)
  ![screencast](DemoTheia.gif)

## License

- The code is licensed under the [MIT license](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/). See [LICENSE](LICENSE).
- Logo is CA-GIP/Kubi logo : <https://github.com/ca-gip/kubi>
